---
layout: post
title: The text editor everyone is talking about
description: "A Post about GitHubs new text editor.... ATOM"
headline: "The text editor everyone is talking about.....ATOM"
categories: web
tags: 
  - developement
  - texteditors
  - atom
image: 
  feature: "https://og.github.com/atom-mark/atom-mark@1200x630.png"
  credit: GitHub
  creditlink: "http:github.com"
comments: false
mathjax: null
featured: false
published: true
---
If you’ve been living under a rock for the last 6 months Atom is the open source text editor developed by the guys at GitHub.

I’ve been using it (www.atom.io) for about a month now and i’m loving every minute. There’s something so loveable about this quirky little text editor thats hard to put in words. The big selling points for me were the simplicity, the cost (it’s Free) and the fact it’s open source, it just seems cool.

Now Atom is not perfect, every so often when I close a project I get a error message and it can take a while to open the app, but it’s these bugs that make it so lovable.
There’s also something about the cool bright green syntax highlighter, it brings back memories of my favourite computer game Fallout 3.

Out of the box atom is pretty limited, but start looking around at the packages and there’s so much you can do to extend Atom. There’s packages that contain cool bootstrap autocompletion classes if Bootstraps your thing, this can save a ton of time. There’s also Linters for most languages our there, I use PHPLint and JSLint. I recently started using laravel and was pleased to see a laravel/blade syntax highlighter in the packages.

The important thing to remember is that Atom has only been out since the start of this year and it already has a massive community, it’s exciting to see what the future holds for this little text editor. If you’ve not yet gave Atom a try then you should definitely give it a go.